Improve ProtonVPN documentation (#108)
qdm12/gluetun-wiki: setup/providers/protonvpn.md

```

```sh

> # WireGuard

Reviewer: Unneeded change, reverting it:

```suggestion
# Wireguard
```

- `OPENVPN_USER` is your **OPENVPN specific** username. Find it at [account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/OpenVpnIKEv2](https://account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/OpenVpnIKEv2).
- `OPENVPN_PASSWORD`

> ### WireGuard only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wireguard only
```

- `VPN_TYPE=wireguard`

> - `WIREGUARD_PRIVATE_KEY` is your 32 byte key in base64 format.
> 
> 💁 To obtain the `WIREGUARD_PRIVATE_KEY` value, provision a configuration file from [account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard](https://account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard). The content of the WireGuard configuration file that ProtonVPN generates contains the `PrivateKey` value in the `[Interface]` section. Note that the private key value is the same for all ProtonVPN servers. All other values in the ProtonVPN WireGuard Configuration file should be ignored and not set in Gluetun environment variables. [ProtonVPN documentation on how to generate a WireGuard configuration file](https://protonvpn.com/support/wireguard-configurations/)

Reviewer: Only changed the wireguard config file generation link, since the rest of the paragraph is essentially just rewording the same thing imo

```suggestion
- `WIREGUARD_PRIVATE_KEY` is your 32 byte key in base64 format. The private key can be obtained by [generating a Wireguard configuration file](https://account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard) and copy the displayed `PrivateKey` value. Note this value is the same for all ProtonVPN servers. 💁 [Guide on how to generate a configuration file](https://protonvpn.com/support/wireguard-configurations/)
```

### Wireguard only

- `VPN_TYPE=wireguard`

> - `WIREGUARD_PRIVATE_KEY` is your 32 byte key in base64 format. The private key can be obtained by [generating a Wireguard configuration file](https://account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard) and copy the displayed `PrivateKey` value. Note this value is the same for all ProtonVPN servers. 💁 [Guide on how to generate a configuration file](https://protonvpn.com/support/wireguard-configurations/)

Reviewer: Interesting `32 bytes key` -> `32 byte key` - TIL about byte being an adjective and not a quantity!

Requirements:

- `VPN_PORT_FORWARDING=on`

> - `PORT_FORWARD_ONLY=on` to tell Gluetun to only connect to servers that support port forwarding

Reviewer: This is automated and no longer a requirement 😉 

```suggestion
```

> - For OpenVPN
>   - Append `+pmp` to your OpenVPN username. For example, if your ProtonVPN username was `johndoe`, set `OPENVPN_USER` to `johndoe+pmp` (thanks to [@mortimr](https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun/issues/1760#issuecomment-1669518288)). ProtonVPN documentation on [port forwarding with OpenVPN](https://protonvpn.com/support/port-forwarding-manual-setup#openvpn)

Reviewer: I prefer it shorter, but nice example still 👍 Also nice `Add` replacement with `Append`!

```suggestion
- For OpenVPN only, append `+pmp` to your OpenVPN username (thanks to [@mortimr](https://github.com/qdm12/gluetun/issues/1760#issuecomment-1669518288)). If needed, see the [ProtonVPN OpenVPN port forwarding documentation](https://protonvpn.com/support/port-forwarding-manual-setup#openvpn).
```

> - For WireGuard
>   - Set `VPN_PORT_FORWARDING_PROVIDER=protonvpn`

Reviewer: That's no longer needed 😉 This is only needed if you use the custom provider.

```suggestion
```

Paid ProtonVPN subscribers can optionally use [Moderate NAT](https://protonvpn.com/support/moderate-nat/) on their connections.

> To do so with OpenVPN, append `+nr` to the ProtonVPN username. For example, if your ProtonVPN username was `johndoe`, set `OPENVPN_USER` to `johndoe+nr`.
> 
> To do so with WireGuard, when provisioning a configuration file from [account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard](https://account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard), under `Select VPN options`, enable `Moderate NAT` before creating your configuration file containing your private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenVPN: append `+nr` to your ProtonVPN username
- WireGuard: when [generating a configuration file](https://account.proton.me/u/0/vpn/WireGuard), under `Select VPN options`, enable `Moderate NAT`
```
